hi my name is Adam and I'm here coming
from Expo TV to tell you about one of my
favorite products and that's the sony
PSP it's the PlayStation Portable so
it's a portable gaming unit of course
what makes me love it so much is the
fact that it's a little more than a
portable gaming unit it also plays music
movies you can even browse the internet
and read ebooks on it so starting from
the top it plays video games that's why
multiple by this units and it does it
phenomenally it looks just like a
PlayStation it has the analog controller
as well as the multi-directional which
is checked textured even though it's
very thin as you can see it's textured
so your finger doesn't fall off of it
the usual PlayStation controls with the
triangle buttons as you can see there
and then your typical you know volume
and everything coming down there it
plays about a volume out loud as well as
you can plug in so you don't have to
worry about having headphones with you
at all times but if you're playing it on
the train or in a public environment you
might want to put the headphones on in
addition to that as I mentioned if we
look up here give a bunch of categories
so you can actually play your UMD's
which are your games you can browse your
movies music look at photos as well as a
browse the internet and many other
things so as far as music goes you
wonder how much can it hold is it going
to replace my iPod well it could it has
a memory slot in it that can hold what's
called a memory stick duo and I'm going
to turn up and show you right now what
that looks like you open up the back
slide it out and this here is your unit
it's very small comes in many different
sizes and for about sixty dollars at
best buy you can buy a one gig stick so
you can put 1 gig and music on here if
you would like you can also buy two gig
stick and soon they're coming out with
even a 4 gigabyte model so those are all
very good and soon you'll be able to
play as much music as you want in
addition to that the games are held on
these small little discs called UMD's
you plug them into the back just push it
down and what you can do is you can have
movies or games on there
can actually go to your local store and
buy a UMD or a you know of a movie that
you want to watch so you can bring a
bunch of them with you watch it on the
plane and you can also bring games so if
you want to watch a movie and then play
games later you have that option unlike
most other units where you can only do
one or the other and in addition to that
as I mentioned it doing a little
everything you can also view photos on
here so you can go through any you know
your photos with your friends you can
watch all that and then show off kind of
the photos that you want to show you can
also plug it in directly to your
computer in order to sink that
information so i know i just went
through a lot of information but that's
what makes this so great it does just
about everything you could want in a
portable unit it's small has a very
crisp screen I have not yet found a
problem with it the battery lasts me
about eight hours which as far as
portable units go is a very long time
hopefully you're not playing at eight
hours a day so it'll last for a long
time for you beyond that I recommend it
to anyone and it's a phenomenal unit
come home get one today